[Music]
this is the most valuable scene in the
history of marvel movies
there are no expensive special effects
but it really costs a lot
because in this scene there are all
famous characters in marvel movies
the reason why they get together is just
for a person for a man who saved the
entire marvel world
he is iron man tony stark they come here
to attend the funeral of iron man
today i will show you iron man's last
movie avengers 4 endgame
the timeline continues from avengers 3.
after thanos snapped his finger
half of life in the universe disappeared
people who far away in titan star to
fight against thanos there are only iron
man and nebula left
the two of them are floating in space
the remaining supplies are not enough to
bring them back to earth
just when iron man is on the verge of
death a dazzling light appears
captain marvel finds them and brings
them back to earth safely the surviving
avengers have only anger left in their
minds
seeing their friends disappeared one by
one their anger reaches its peak
if they want to resurrect their friends
there is only one way
it's finding thanos recapturing the
infinite glove then using the power of
infinite stones to restore everything
it's a good idea but is it really that
simple when they find thanos thanos is
living a rural life of watering flowers
and growing vegetables
the scars on this body prove that things
are not easy as expected the infinite
glove had been damaged the stones on it
are long gone
the purpose of thanos is to balance the
universe there are so many lives in the
universe today but the resources are
limited so he made half of the lives
disappear
he achieved his purpose so all the
infinite stones were destroyed
the last hope is gone angry thor
directly cuts off thanos head with an
axe
he is so dead that he can't die again
five years have passed in a flash the
remaining superheroes also return to
their lives
everyone doesn't want to face that time
thor is immersed in beer every day the
original eight-pack abs have become a
beer belly
hawkeye had already retired but his
family disappeared because of thanos
snap so he once again lives the life of
an agent can only forget that memory by
massacring every day
iron man and pepper are married and have
an adorable daughter but he can't forget
when spider-man died in front of him
at this time in a salvage station a
mouse crawls around on an instrument
then a light flashes ant-man appears i
had told in ant-man too that when thanos
snapped his finger
ant-man was in the quantum realm because
his wife and parents-in-law disappeared
because of the snap
ant-man has been trapped in there for
five years this time he is saved by
mouse but when he gets out he sees a
different scene
countless lives are gone after he knows
the reason he finds black widow and
captain america
ant-man says a bold idea because he only
stayed in the quantum realm for five
hours but it's five years in the outside
world
so if they can build a machine to find a
quantum node to enter maybe they can go
back in time
as long as they can go back in time and
gather infinite stones before thanos
arrives they can bring everyone back to
life
this idea seems to be crazy but it's
worth a try
so they convene all the once avengers
iron man and hulk are responsible for
making the time machine
they don't let other down and really
make it they start to split up
iron man ant-man hulk and captain
america go back to the war of avenger
eye in new york
there are three stones in new york at
this time which are the space stone in
the cosmic cube the soul stone in loki's
scepter and the time stone on an ancient
wizard
thor and rakan are in a team go to the
time when thor's girlfriend came to
asgard for treatment
the ether particles in her body are the
reality stone the last team has black
widow hawkeye war machine and nebula
they go to the time when star-lord
appears on the stage black widow and
hawkeye go to the nyla tea to get the
soul stone
war machine and nebula will get the
power stone before star-lord but can
this time travel really go so smoothly
first is the captain america's team here
loki's scepter was taken away by the
hydra members lurking in shield but
captain america does an impossible
mission successfully gets loki's scepter
the soul stone is in his hand hulk goes
to find doctor strange but sees an
ancient wizard
the ancient wizard clearly sees through
the future where hulk comes from
because she has confidence in doctor
strange she gives hulk the time stone
iron man and ant-man are not so smooth
here the stone that they already get is
destroyed by the hulk of this time
as a result the stone is taken away by
loki therefore iron man and captain
america discuss
they plan to pass through again back to
1970. because this time not only has the
cosmic cube but also has the pym
particles for them to travel through
time
iron man is responsible for getting the
cosmic cube and captain america goes to
take the pym particles
finally they successfully get the cosmic
cube thor and rakhine are the most
relaxed team
they not only get the reality stone
thor's hammer that was smashed by his
sister before also comes back
black widow and hawkeye and nyla t are
not so easy because they're the same as
thanos before
if they want to get the soul stone they
have to exchange the life of their loved
one
hawkeye and black widow are fighting to
be the sacrificed one in the end black
widow sacrifices herself lets hawkeye
take the soul stone back
nebula and war machine are also going
very well here first
they stun star lord get the key then get
the power stone smoothly
but when they want to return to their
time war machine has already gone when
nebula is controlled
it turns out that what they did was seen
by thanos because nebula is a robot
thanos discovers their secret through
nebula's brain at this time
so thanos arrests the future nebula and
lets the past nebula pretend to be her
and return to the future world
just like that except for the black
widow all the others have returned to
the real world
now is the time to resurrect everyone
the mission of snapping finger is handed
over to hulk
only his body is the strongest hulk
wears the glove snaps his finger with
all his strength but one of his arms is
almost scrapped
after snapping the finger the world
seems to be more alive
when they still haven't confirmed
whether they are successful yet the next
moment
a row of missiles destroy the base
thanos is here he is the past thanos
that comes through the time machine
everything is the trick of fake nebula
thanos sees his end from the future
nebula so he plans all of this
he let the avengers collect all six
stones he just needs to come over and
rob them
this time he doesn't plan to go easy he
wants to destroy the entire universe
the infinite glove is held by hawkeye
thanos sends his brothers to chase and
kill hawkeye
captain america iron man and thor
blocking thanos from the front
perform a big show of three heroes
combating lou bu
thanos is so strong he can beat three
superheroes alone
iron man is randomly grasped by him thor
is blown by him almost be killed by him
with an axe
fortunately captain america still can
hold the foreshadowing of avengers 2 has
come
captain america really can hold thor's
hammer shield on the left and hammer on
the right a set of hits on thanos is
unbearable
but thanos is still so strong after
resisting three axes from captain
america he begins to fight back
thanos chops the shield to pieces then
thanos summons his army countless alien
creatures begin to invade
as the spiritual pillar of the avengers
captain america doesn't succumb
circles of light appear behind him these
are magic portals used by doctor strange
in the followers of his temple
those who disappeared before indeed
resurrected they come from the portals
one after another
a big war of the century breaks out
there is only one mission next
it's returning the stones to their
original times of course
thanos wants to stop them scarlet witch
stands up this time the strength of
scarlet witch has finally manifested
which is not weaker than the front hard
steel of thanos even able to suppress
him
thanos has no choice can only order
artillery cover artilleries attack down
one by one
attack people are caught unprepared
suddenly they find that the artillery
shell adjusts its direction and shoots
towards the sky
it turns out that captain marvel is here
being the strongest in marvel
she destroys thanos space battleship as
soon as she appears
then she dashes madly kills all the
alien creatures she sees
no one can stop her however thanos makes
a sneak attack blows captain marvel up
to the air
thanos gets the infinite glove when he
is about to snap captain marvel appears
again
her strength is indeed strong that
thanos can't beat her at all can only
rely on the powers of stones to knock
her away
seeing thanos is about to snap again at
this moment iron man glances at doctor
strange
dr strange extends a finger to him it
means that this is the only chance in 14
million
iron man immediately understands goes
forward to grab thanos glove
thanos throws iron man away snaps his
finger but nothing has changed
it turns out that the stones are taken
by iron man he puts the stones on his
glove says one of the most classic lines
i'm iron man
then he snaps his finger thanos watches
his army turn to ashes he also can't
escape the fate of death
even when a physique like hulk snapped
his finger one of his arms was abolished
moreover iron man just has the physique
of an ordinary person
because of this snap this time iron man
really sacrificed
therefore there is the beginning scene
all members come to say goodbye to iron
man
at the end of the movie captain america
chooses to travel through time to return
to the past he wants to fulfill his
promise that is dancing with peggy
marvel's 10-year composition also ends
in this dance